Proposed solution (#1)
ImMPrada/top_caesar_cipher: README.md

<img width="226" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26731448/188519846-a027234f-8008-40cb-8b22-87a233650de0.png">

## Caesar cipher

> A challenge on [Odin's project](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/ruby-caesar-cipher)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A challenge on [Odin Project](https://www.theodinproject.com/lessons/ruby-caesar-cipher)
```

"In cryptography, a Caesar cipher, also known as Caesar’s cipher, the shift cipher, Caesar’s code or Caesar shift, is one of the simplest and most widely known encryption techniques. It is a type of substitution cipher in which each letter in the plaintext is replaced by a letter some fixed number of positions down the alphabet. For example, with a left shift of 3, D would be replaced by A, E would become B, and so on. The method is named after Julius Caesar, who used it in his private correspondence." - Wikipedia

> This solution contains a MEMORY hash to store the ciphered valua of a latter, in order to return fast when is a repeated letter on the string

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This solution contains a MEMORY hash to store the ciphered value of a letter in order to return fast when it is a repeated letter on the string
```
